Tutorial mapping Webots environment with ROSbot2R teleoperation (#130)
eProsima/vulcanexus: docs/rst/use_cases/rosbot2r/simulation.rst

* **map-saver**: is responsible for the storage of the map that was previously created.

The following lines apply to all containers and mean that everything is running in host.

.. code-block:: yaml

    x-net-config:
        &net-config
        network_mode: host
        ipc: host
        env_file: net.env

Below are the GPU configurations that apply to ``RViz2`` and ``Webots``, as they are graphical applications.

.. code-block:: yaml

    x-gpu-config:
        &gpu-config
        runtime: nvidia
        environment:
            - DISPLAY=${DISPLAY:?err}
            - NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=all
            - NVIDIA_DRIVER_CAPABILITIES=all

Then start the container definition.

The first thing you can see is the ``rviz`` container, which is started with the configuration file found `here <https://github.com/husarion/rosbot-mapping/blob/master/config/rosbot.rviz>`__.
The plugins used are defined in the configuration file.
Among them, for example, we find the plugin from the navigation stack ``2D Goal Pose``, which allows the user to send a target by setting a desired pose for the robot to achieve.

> For the purposes of this tutorial, however, we need only pay attention to the ``Displays`` and familiarise ourselves with the information they provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, for the purposes of this tutorial, we will only pay attention to the ``Displays`` in order to become familiar with the information they provide.
```

Between them you can see the display of the map created in ``static_map`` and the information from the LIDAR in ``scan``.

.. code-block:: yaml

    services:

        rviz:
            image: husarion/rviz2:vulcanexus-humble-11.2.5-20230308
            <<: [ *net-config, *gpu-config ]
            container_name: rviz
            volumes:
            - /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix:rw
            - ./config/rosbot.rviz:/root/.rviz2/default.rviz

The following service defines the ``rosbot`` container.

> It launches webots with the robot and environment of choice.

Reviewer: Add "Webots" to spelling word list. 
```suggestion
It launches Webots with the robot and environment of choice.
```

.. _uses_cases_rosbot_2r_simulation:

Mapping Webots environment with ROSbot 2R teleoperation
======================================================

.. contents::
    :depth: 2
    :local:
    :backlinks: none

Background
----------

This document explain how to map a Webots environment with the teleoperation of a `ROSbot 2R` robot from Husarion.

In this demo we will use the simulation of `ROSbot 2R` - an autonomous mobile robot by `Husarion <https://husarion.com/manuals/rosbot/>`_, designed for learning ROS and for research and development purposes.
It is an affordable platform that can serve as a base for a variety of robotic applications, including inspection robots and custom service robots.
The robot features a solid aluminum frame and is equipped with a Raspberry Pi 4 with 4GB of RAM, distance sensors, an RPLIDAR A2 laser scanner, and an RGB-D Orbbec Astra camera.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/use_cases/rosbot2r/rosbot2r.png
    :align: center

`Webots` is an open-source three-dimensional mobile robot simulator.
It is the simulator selected for simulating the Husarion environment and the ROSbot.
It is based in Qt, a physics engine (ODE fork) and an OpenGL 3.3 rendering engine.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Please, refer to :ref:`Webots <webots>` for more information.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/use_cases/rosbot2r/webots.png
    :align: center

`RViz2 <https://github.com/ros2/rviz>`_ is a 3D visualization tool developed for ROS 2.
It allows the display of ROS 2 Topics and the extension of its capabilities through the development of plugins.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/use_cases/rosbot2r/rviz.png
    :align: center

`rosbot-mapping <https://github.com/husarion/rosbot-mapping>`_ is the GitHub repository from Husarion where you can find the Docker compose and configuration used in this demo.
All its contents are explained below.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/use_cases/rosbot2r/rosbot_mapping_repository.png
    :align: center

Prerequisites
-------------

This tutorial covers the first steps of setting up a ROSbot 2R simulation in Webots.
For this task, we will use the Docker Compose from the repository mentioned above.
Therefore, it is necessary to have Docker and Docker Compose installed.

> If you do not have them installed, please follow `Install Docker on Ubuntu <https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/>`_ and `Getting Docker Compose <https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have them installed, please follow `Install Docker on Ubuntu <https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/>`_ and `Getting Docker Compose <https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/>`_ installation guides.
```

            - DISPLAY=${DISPLAY:?err}
            - NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=all
            - NVIDIA_DRIVER_CAPABILITIES=all

Then start the container definition.

The first thing you can see is the ``rviz`` container, which is started with the configuration file found `here <https://github.com/husarion/rosbot-mapping/blob/master/config/rosbot.rviz>`_.
The plugins used are defined in the configuration file.
Among them, for example, we find the plugin from the navigation stack ``2D Goal Pose``, which allows the user to send a target by setting a desired pose for the robot to achieve.
For the purposes of this tutorial, however, we need only pay attention to the ``Displays`` and familiarise ourselves with the information they provide.
Between them you can see the display of the map created in ``static_map`` and the information from the LIDAR in ``scan``.

.. code-block:: yaml

    services:

        rviz:
            image: husarion/rviz2:vulcanexus-humble-11.2.5-20230308
            <<: [ *net-config, *gpu-config ]
            container_name: rviz
            volumes:
            - /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix:rw
            - ./config/rosbot.rviz:/root/.rviz2/default.rviz

> The following is the ``rosbot`` container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following service defines the ``rosbot`` container.
```
